Add new supported eternalblue targets to documentation (#15438)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/windows/smb/ms17_010_eternalblue.md

This should probably be a SYSTEM process, such as `lsass.exe` or `spoolsv.exe`.

```
set GroomAllocations [integer]
```

This is the base number of groom packets that will be sent per exploit.

```
set MaxExploitAttempts [integer]
```

Grooming the kernel does not always succeed, so this is the amount of times to retry
the exploit. Only used when exploiting machines with Windows XP x86, Windows 2003 x86, Windows 7 x86, Windows 7 x64, or Windows 2008 R2 x64.

```
set GroomDelta [integer]
```

> This is the number the grooms will increase per exploit try, if previous try failed. Only used when exploiting machines with Windows XP x86, Windows 2003 x86, Windows 7 x86, Windows 7 x64, or Windows 2008 R2 x64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the number of extra heap grooming attempts that will be performed per exploit try, if previous try failed. Only used when exploiting machines with Windows XP x86, Windows 2003 x86, Windows 7 x86, Windows 7 x64, or Windows 2008 R2 x64.
```
